I don't have anybody from my tribe of
atheists ever thank you for giving us a
shout out at your first inaugural but
you didn't mention non-believers you i
think it was pardoned once more than
what I I mean it's not just in that
speech I've done it off well we
appreciate it it because we do feel like
Untouchables to a degree i mean i don't
know if you saw the latest religion
survey but almost a quarter of the
country are nuns i don't mean the ones
who hit me on the knuckles with a ruler
and sunday school I mean they put none
for religion of the above right right
there not know they're atheists
agnostics or they just don't want to get
up on sunday right morning and we have
no representation in Congress if if our
numbers are represented be over a
hundred congresspeople right who felt
that way it just seems like we are not
included in the basket of diversity in
America which is odd because we are the
biggest minority that is a bigger
minority than any other minority you can
name
oh don't you think we should get a
little more love how you know I i guess
my question would be whether there is
active persecution of atheists i think
that there are certain well I i think
for like a grande taille I think you're
right that there are certain we might be
occupations probably most prominently
politics where there would be a bias
against somebody's who's agnostic or
atheist in running for office
I think that's still true outside of
that arena though that you seem to have
done all right with your TV show i am at
I don't get it
since i'm doing the extent that they're
boycotting cutes because of your other
wacky ideas rather than your particular
view are related
whatever better wet yeah the you know i
usually agree with you I i think i think
the the average American if they go to
the workplace somebody's next to them
that they're not poking around trying to
figure out what their religious beliefs
are so so so II here's what i would say
that
that I think that we should foster a
culture in which people's private
religious beliefs including atheists and
agnostics are respected and and that's
the kind of culture that I think allows
all of us than to believe what we want
that's freedom of conscience that's what
our Constitution guarantees and you know
where we get into problems typically is
when our personal religious faith or the
community of faith that we participated
in tips into a sort of fundamentalist
extremism in which it's not enough for
us to believe what we believe but we
start feeling obligated to you know hit
you over the head because you don't
believe the same thing or to treat you
as as somebody who's who's less than
than i am but we have to be more Pro
science in America if we were less
religious don't you think well you know
i think the the the issues we have with
science these days are not restricted to
two what's happening with respect to
religion I there a lot of free related
scientists around i think the problem is
is that in our school systems and to
some degree and this is where it is
relevant with school boards around the
country that are mandating curriculums
and textbooks you start seeing this
weird watering down of scientific fact
so that are our kids are growing up in
an environment and disconnects will go
to what i was saying earlier about the
media where everything's contested that
that nothing is true because if it's on
facebook
it all looks the same
and if you're reading something from a
nobel-prize-winning physicist next to
some guy in his underwear writing in his
basement
yeah or his mom's basement in on texted
it looks like it's equally plausible and
and part of what we have to do a better
job of if our democracies of function in
a complicated diverse society like this
is to teach our kids enough critical
thinking to be able to sort out what is
true and what is false
what is contestable and and what is
incontestable and and we seem to have
have trouble with that and and are our
political system doesn't help